Email Harvesting
Let’s begin our user information gathering
with some basic email harvesting.
In this case, we will use theHarvester,
which gathers emails, names, subdomains,
IPs, and URLs from multiple public data
sources.
We can run theHarvester with -d to specify
the target domain,
and -b to set the data source to search.
We found some email addresses,
one of which appears to be new to us.
We have also found some new subdomains of
megacorpone.com.
This is a good reminder that information
gathering is not always a neat,
linear process.
We may be looking for information on users
and find something else about our target.
This is one reason it’s important to keep
good notes.